
what is the imporatant of  bhargavi to you in vemu clg in ece branch to machanical to bhanu charan in 1st year to the aprial to the 24 th day in prose the in phone to the night in prose and the take the i liove you but is doesn't accept to the she tells like a friend to tell .
     
      she is suffer for fevr but pravallika tell is does not come to the class  i am also come to the hostel rome i am come  but my phone not going to she after 5 mins pravallika message bhanu she is block with whatappa .
          
               i am message in noraml message in 1050 times after is reply at 8;40 pm  i am tell call me   after is call in 10 pm i am tell friend also loverr but lovcer never accept friend  she cut the call .
   
         Atetr  some time gunnavati call me what a diloge i am tell the is ture  she tell haa correct  she block u at 8 months  iam ask plze un block me madam.
  
         Afert some daya i am call im B.Dhanush mobile i am call bharagavi ,she lift the call hi this is bhanu . she cut the call , after some time i am call she not answer  ,i am angery with us my tempr is very high i am not conntrol my angery, 
    

     And the same time  all nellore members going to home ali are going to nellore bus i am given the birtday gift ant the  same time see can't take the gift  and the she put the bus and i am taken and i am dont the bus she falls the smile dhanush is tell bye she look smile to awaya the  bus she looking someware , me and my friends seeit in the podakular bus after 5
mins she and his friends come on the bus and sitted in froint row .
            
             After 11 days i am message the she birthday in 12 clock at midnight , she answer me after 10 mins . i am sleepig i am not seeing the message i am see in message in moring 6 am .
      
                  after 2 days is no block me i am message she whatappa that day she see the message she can't  reply me she change the phone number after 2 days igot that number i am message him and she see the message and block me . After i  am sleent some days ,prvallika caal me she asked  some units xerox , i am kk tell next day pravallika ,yeshy,bhargavi commes my town ,i am give the some copes and all are going to her homes , same day affternoon ,she call me at the time i am sleeping , i am not seeing that phone ring after some time i am see , again i call , she answer me hoe moch money that copes . i am tell so much of money ,she asked that money , i am retten pravallika , so yhat day was complated.....
         
                   after some days , me and suresh ,pravallika ,bhargavi come at the same bus at the clg  in podakular , and same bus at nelloe to tirupathi and after 3 hours comme thirupathi , all are go ton hoteal at meals eating and over the meals and come again in bus stand but that day two smll children are beging that bus atand me and girls aue missing that 
beger children but suresh is catish that two small kids and he go to bus but kids not allowed , that time i am so laffing  ove the day.
	
	Te last year she messige me at one yeshu birthday because she whants help to ask to me one teady bear and harth symble . i am going to kanipakam and bye the that two gifts and one cake and some equpents . that the she talk video call after fist time removing the block and i am so happy to the she call me and the day i am so happy , that eveeing i am all broughts the iteams and go the call gate and the watchman stop and i am mange the and all iteams to give she happy and i am also happy .

  

         
   